[connectivity] No Location Permission preprocessor flag (#2771)
flutter/plugins: packages/connectivity/connectivity/README.md

* `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` - describe why the app needs access to the user’s location information all the time (foreground and background). This is called _Privacy - Location Always and When In Use Usage Description_ in the visual editor.
* `NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription` - describe why the app needs access to the user’s location information when the app is running in the foreground. This is called _Privacy - Location When In Use Usage Description_ in the visual editor.

> ### iOS - Disabling code that accesses sensitive data

Author: done

> If you don't wish to set `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` and `NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription` on iOS, you also have the option to disable the code that uses these permissions.  This may be useful if you don't wish to specify permissions that you have no intention of using and only want to use the plugin for checking the connection status of the device.

Reviewer: Append
```
When disabled, the `getWifiName` and `getWifiBSSID` methods will throw a `MissingPluginException` error.
```

Author: done

To do so, add the following to your `Podfile`:
```
post_install do |installer|
  installer.pods_project.targets.each do |target|
    flutter_additional_ios_build_settings(target)

>     # Add this section:

Author: done

    target.build_configurations.each do |config|
       config.build_settings['GCC_PREPROCESSOR_DEFINITIONS'] ||= [
        '$(inherited)',

>         'DISABLE_CONNECTIVITY_LOCATION_CODE=1'

Reviewer: The location code doesn't matter, you really care about the location permission. This macro is also meant to match the "No Location Permission" in the README.
```
NO_CONNECTIVITY_LOCATION_PERMISSION
```

Author: updated to NO_LOCATION_PERMISSION_CONNECTIVITY

>     ]

Author: done

  end
end
```
To re-enable that code, you should remove the `'DISABLE_CONNECTIVITY_LOCATION_CODE=1'` and insure `pod install` is run again.

> *Note that by disabling these blocks of code the following plugin methods will no longer be accessible on iOS, and will throw a `MissingPluginException`:*

Author: thanks!

* `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` - describe why the app needs access to the user’s location information all the time (foreground and background). This is called _Privacy - Location Always and When In Use Usage Description_ in the visual editor.
* `NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription` - describe why the app needs access to the user’s location information when the app is running in the foreground. This is called _Privacy - Location When In Use Usage Description_ in the visual editor.

### iOS - Disabling code that accesses sensitive data

If you don't wish to set `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` and `NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription` on iOS, you also have the option to disable the code that uses these permissions.  This may be useful if you don't wish to specify permissions that you have no intention of using and only want to use the plugin for checking the connection status of the device.

To do so, add the following to your `Podfile`:
```
post_install do |installer|
  installer.pods_project.targets.each do |target|

>     target.build_configurations.each do |config|

Reviewer: Thanks for the proposal. Documentation should be updated due to https://github.com/flutter/flutter/pull/59044, see line 23 here:
https://github.com/flutter/flutter/pull/59044/files#diff-9a4a61b0e60143d9364139b944b2d485R23

```suggestion
post_install do |installer|
  installer.pods_project.targets.each do |target|
    flutter_additional_ios_build_settings(target)
    # Add this section:
    target.build_configurations.each do |config|
       config.build_settings['GCC_PREPROCESSOR_DEFINITIONS'] ||= [
        '$(inherited)',
        'DISABLE_CONNECTIVITY_LOCATION_CODE=1'
    ]
  end
end
```

* `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` - describe why the app needs access to the user’s location information all the time (foreground and background). This is called _Privacy - Location Always and When In Use Usage Description_ in the visual editor.
* `NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription` - describe why the app needs access to the user’s location information when the app is running in the foreground. This is called _Privacy - Location When In Use Usage Description_ in the visual editor.

### No Location Permission 

> If you don't wish to set `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` and `NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription` on iOS, you also have the option to disable the code that uses these permissions.  This may be useful if you don't wish to specify permissions that you have no intention of using and only want to use the plugin for checking the connection status of the device.  When disabled, the `getWifiName` and `getWifiBSSID` methods will throw a `MissingPluginException` error.

Reviewer: Two space, repeated twice: https://www.cnn.com/2020/04/27/tech/microsoft-word-two-spaces-trnd/index.html

Author: fixed

> If you don't wish to set `NSLocationAlwaysAndWhenInUseUsageDescription` and `NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription` on iOS, you also have the option to disable the code that uses these permissions.  This may be useful if you don't wish to specify permissions that you have no intention of using and only want to use the plugin for checking the connection status of the device.  When disabled, the `getWifiName` and `getWifiBSSID` methods will throw a `MissingPluginException` error.

Reviewer: Setting the usage description strings isn't what the developer cares about. What they care about is not using location permissions:

```suggestion
If you don't wish to use location permissions on iOS, you also have the option to disable the code that uses these permissions. This may be useful if you don't wish to specify permissions that you have no intention of using and only want to use the plugin for checking the connection status of the device. When disabled, the `getWifiName` and `getWifiBSSID` methods will throw a `MissingPluginException` error.
```

Author: Good point, updated
